---
title: Disclaimer
date: 2022-05-21T02:46:28.307Z
type: Page
---

The fine print. Because I'm a lawyer and worry about these sorts of things.

## Hyperlinks

This Site may contain links to other third-party resources on the Internet. These sites are not controlled by this Site and this Site is not responsible for any content contained on or privacy practices employed by any such website. Those links are provided as citations and aids to help you identify and locate other Internet resources that may be of interest, and are not intended to state or imply that this Site sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected therein. We are not responsible for the information contained on that website or your use of or inability to use that website. You should not construe linking to a website as legal advice or a suggestion that a website’s information constitutes legal advice. You use these links at your own risk, and should apply a suitable level of caution and discretion in doing so. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such links. Links do not imply that any linked website is authorized to use any of our intellectual property. If you choose to connect to a third-party website, we make no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of such website, including, but not limited to, the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or suitability thereof for any particular purpose, nor do we warrant that such website or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark, or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such website or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. Any concerns regarding such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular service or resource. This Site is not liable in any way for the outside services and resources linked via our Website.

## Reliance Upon Information Posted

The information and content appearing on this Website are for informational purposes only and are not legal advice, and are not guaranteed to be complete, correct or up-to-date. The use of or access to this information and content does not constitute or create an attorney-client relationship. You should contact your own attorney to obtain advice with respect to any particular issue or problem. It is important that no conflict of interest be created between you and any of our current or past clients. Therefore, under no circumstance should you provide any information pertaining to a matter without first speaking with me and receiving confirmation that the appropriate conflict checks have been cleared and that my firm is otherwise able to accept the engagement. You should not send any information to through this site until after you have received an engagement letter and a formal attorney-client relationship has been established, unless I otherwise specifically request such information. If you communicate with me through this Website, by email, or otherwise, concerning a legal matter for which I do not already represent you, your communication may not be protected as privileged or confidential.

## Attorney Advertising

Pursuant to applicable Rules of Professional Conduct, this Website may constitutes attorney advertising. In compliance with Colorado Rules of Professional Conduct, W. Neal Hollington, Esq., 5619 DTC Pkwy Suite 1200, Greenwood Village, CO 80111, is responsible for the content on this website. The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. All liability with respect to any actions taken or not taken based upon any or all the contents of this Site are expressly disclaimed.
